# Crates Introduction

- **deserialize_form_style_query_parameter**: A tiny tool to deserialize complex query param. Used in ipfs_pin_service_axum_api_framework which is not used.
- **ipfs_pin_service_axum_api_framework**: API framework of IPFS pin service. Not used.
- **ipfs_node_wrapper**: The core code of Wrapper. Almost only `get_file` API (in public handler) is used.
- **ipfs_node_wrapper_app**: Wrapper APP. Bin crate.
- **ipfs_node_wrapper_client**: A client to contact Wrapper's admin API. Almost not used yet.
- **ipfs_node_wrapper_structs**: Data structures of Wrapper. Help build the client of Wrapper.
- **ipfs_storage_cruster_manager**: The core code of Manager.
- **ipfs_storage_cruster_manager_app**: Manager APP. Bin crate.
- **ipfs_storage_cruster_manager_entity**: Database structures (ORM entities). Generated by sea-orm.
- **tiny_ipfs_client**: A tiny IPFS client to access IPFS RPC and gateway (Turn on `no_gateway` feature to only access RPC).

**Environment variables are read** and **logs are configured** in bin crate.

# How to Build and Deploy

Run `make build-all` at root directory of this project to build two docker image. It may take some time to download dependencies (Update xxx Index), but they won't be downloaded next time if the dependency tree is not changed.

Run `docker compose up` or `docker-compose up` to run project by docker compose (3 salve node). See `Makefile` for more information.

Modify `APP_LOG` in `docker-compose.yml` to change the level of the log filter.
